Add AD auth provider (#1261)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.3/installation/auth.md

sensuctl auth delete openldap
{{< /highlight >}}

## Configuring authentication providers

**1. Write an authentication provider configuration definition**

> Write an authentication provider configuration definition using the various [examples](#ldap-configuration-examples) and [specifications](#ldap-specification) in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write an authentication provider configuration definition.
For standards-compliant Lightweight Directory Access Protocol tools like OpenLDAP, see the [LDAP configuration examples](#ldap-configuration-examples) and [specification](#ldap-specification).
For Microsoft Active Directory, see the [AD configuration examples](#active-directory-configuration-examples) and [specification](#active-directory-authentication).
```

| security   |      |
-------------|------

> description  | Determines the encryption type to be used for the connection to the AD server: `insecure` (unencrypted connection, not recommended for production), `tls` (secure encrypted connection), or `starttls` (unencrypted connection upgrades to a secure connection).

Reviewer: Should this stay `LDAP`?

type         | String
default      | `"tls"`
example      | {{< highlight shell >}}"security": "tls"{{< /highlight >}}

| binding    |      |
-------------|------

> description  | The AD account that performs user and group lookups.

Reviewer: Should this stay `LDAP`?
